Some of the electronic information
that had been translated and provided
for the brothers in sub-Saharan Africa
was essentially unavailable to them.
There are many areas in Mozambique
that do not have Internet access,
and in some parts
there is no cell phone coverage.
So we started investigating
what it would take to have a 24-hour-a-day,
7-day-a-week satellite channel
dedicated to JW Broadcasting®.
When the announcement was made to our congregation
about the JW satellite channel,
our brothers and sisters
were very happy about the announcement.
Our organization has a lot of experience
distributing video via the Internet,
but to distribute it on the satellite was entirely new,
so we had to do a lot of research.
We don’t have our own satellite up in space.
We rent a channel on a satellite
that covers sub-Saharan Africa.
What is required from the brothers is
to have a satellite dish and a decoder.
This will allow them
to view the channel with no additional cost.
The brothers that are invited
to come here are trained.
First, how to set up the dish.
Second, how to set up the decoder
and learn how to adjust the dish properly
so that it works well.
Then, we teach them how to record the programs
with the goal that they can watch it
with the brothers and sisters in the congregation.
Our satellite channel is set up to transmit
one video track and 16 audio tracks.
This gives us the ability to broadcast our videos
in 16 languages.
We consulted with
the Translation Services Department,
and so these are the 16 languages
that give us the greatest audience
of our brothers in Africa.
We wrote new software that takes
any new video that comes to JW Broadcasting®
and mixes the 16 languages
of video together into a single video file
and delivers that to our satellite provider.
The Governing Body
lovingly approved
for the rental cost of the satellite channel
to be covered
from contributions to the worldwide work.
So there’s no expense to the brothers
in Africa to receive the program.
We broadcast over
a single satellite channel for most of our needs.
But occasionally, we use a second channel
when we broadcast live events, like conventions
or branch visits.
When the representative
from world headquarters gives his talk
from Bethel, it is transmitted to us
live through the satellite.
This makes us feel like we
are right there at Bethel.
We are very happy.
The most recent live event
that we broadcasted originated in France.
It was the release of the revised edition
of the New World Translation,
so this was very exciting.
And brothers and sisters
that attended conventions
in ten different branch territories in Africa
were able to tie in
to this broadcast that originated in France,
using the satellite.
In our branch territory,
we are arranging
for all new or remodeled Kingdom Halls
to have satellite equipment
as part of the standard audio/video package.
We were very happy
when we received the satellite dish
because we could see that now
we are really close
to the brothers on the Governing Body.
The satellite channel is excellent!
This provision touches our hearts.
The deaf all over the country
benefited from the special talk
as it was interpreted
into Malawian Sign Language,
showing that Jehovah truly loves deaf people.
And this helps us
to strengthen our relationship with Jehovah.
We hope and pray
that access to the JW satellite feed
becomes available
to as many of our brothers and sisters
as possible in sub-Saharan Africa.